feat(edges): Edge feature revision (#643)
ecmwf/anemoi-core: graphs/docs/graphs/edge_attributes.rst

         edge_length:
            _target_: anemoi.graphs.edges.attributes.EdgeDirection

.. warning::

>     The result of this class, `EdgeDirection` is fixed with `anemoi-graphs=0.8`. If you train a model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The output of this class, `EdgeDirection` is fixed with `anemoi-graphs=0.8`. Previously edge directions were wrong by 90 degrees. If you train a model
```
